[ADD] Include content related to interop impl to add new columns in settlement-report. (#1481)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/generate.en.md

# How to generate your Account Money report?

> NOTE
>
> Easily keep track of your sales made with a QR Code
>

> > We have created new columns that allow you to identify which digital wallets or banks your clients use when they pay with a Mercado Pago QR Code. Update your settings preferences [from the panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/balance/reports/settlement/settings) o [via API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api) so that you can include these columns in your reports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We have created new columns that allow you to identify which digital wallets or banks your clients use when they pay with a Mercado Pago QR Code. Update your settings preferences [from the panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/balance/reports/settlement/settings) or [via API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api) so that you can include these columns in your reports. 
```

> > CWe have created new columns that allow you to identify which digital wallets or banks your clients use when they pay with a Mercado Pago QR Code. Update your settings preferences [from the panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/balance/reports/settlement/settings) o [via API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api) so that you can include these columns in your reports. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> We have created new columns that allow you to identify which digital wallets or banks your clients use when they pay with a Mercado Pago QR Code. Update your settings preferences [from the panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/balance/reports/settlement/settings) o [via API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api) so that you can include these columns in your reports. 
```

> > CWe have created new columns that allow you to identify which digital wallets or banks your clients use when they pay with a Mercado Pago QR Code. Update your settings preferences [from the panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/balance/reports/settlement/settings) o [via API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api) so that you can include these columns in your reports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We have created new columns that allow you to identify which digital wallets or banks your clients use when they pay with a Mercado Pago QR Code. Update your settings preferences [from the panel](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/balance/reports/settlement/settings) or [via API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api) so that you can include these columns in your reports. 
```
